Educate and Support Your Agile End Users.
Find ways to give users some sense of predictability.
That's why I like to do a high-level estimate of the entire feature set.
Earn trust incrementally.
It may take a few iterations or releases to do this.
Explain how updates will become more accurate as the project progresses.
All team members will learn more about the business domain
and the software tools and processes.
Give users enough information to make good decisions; priorities of features,
value to business, quality estimates.
Make sure you talk to all the stakeholders.
Don't use developer buzzwords.
Adopt Agile techniques gradually.
Effective Collaboration is an essential cornerstone of all Agile methodologies,
and you need to eat and breathe it in your projects.
Your role in performing requirements gathering is extremely 'people oriented'.
An effective collaboration with your customers is essential.
You are not a software engineer-you are a business analyst
focused on your customer's business needs.
You will be more successful if you always keep this in mind.
Three tips to support successful collaboration,
whether using an Agile methodology or not.
Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project.
As a business analyst, you are the glue holding these groups together.
Projects need to be built around motivated individuals.
Give them the environment and support they need,
and trust them to get the job done.
Thirdly,
the most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and
within a development team is face-to-face conversation.
Think twice when sending yet another dry and flat email message.
Key Collaboration Factors.
Three key factors enhancing collaboration are,
first: Feedback: An Agile process allows for feedback on several levels.
Daily work through stand up and status, iterations, releases, project wrap ups.
Your feedback needs to contain a clear purpose as well,
and is specific and descriptive.
Also offer positive alternatives.
Secondly,
Communication: Now it is important to deliver information in a
manner that is understood by the receiver.
Eliminate all the 'techie' talk; I hear this time and again,
end users and executives just do not care.
Know your audience, use their terminology.
Lastly, Motivation: Is built on encouragement, partnership, and compromise.
Create an environment of trust, partnership, and self-directedness.
There's Only One Way to do Agile.
Absolutely not!
If you've heard this, it is false.
Agile consists of values and principles.
It does not document implementation details.
Sample Agile implementations that you may have heard of are SCRUM,
Extreme Programming, Kanban, Feature Driven Development,
and others.
As long as you are adhering to the Agile values and principles,
you should be considered agile.
Therefore,
it is ok to 'roll your own' implementation that works for
you and your organization; be agile.
Leverage as many best practices of Agile as you can-adoption may vary and take time.